{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Nathaniel Magee\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:nmagee@unb.ca"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
nmagee@unb.ca
}}}
 \u8226? (506) 232-2842 \u8226? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/nathan-magee-188289140/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
LinkedIn
}}}
\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 Software Engineer with 3 years of experience in software development. I have worked on several aspects of the development stack including back-end development, database design, cloud infrastructure deployment, and user interface development. I am a dedicated and enthusiastic developer who is eager to learn about and create new technologies.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2013 - 2018\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Bachelor\u8217's in Computer Science}, University of New Brunswick\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Participated in the Co-Operative Education Program\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Graduated First Division\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2018 - Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Software Engineer}, Akiri\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Currently working at Akiri as a Software Engineer developing a cloud-based platform to improve data liquidity in healthcare. The Akiri platform allows users to manage, monitor, and audit the exchange of medical data and securely share it using VPN technologies.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Designed a system for processing and mass exporting of application audit logs for customer HIPAA compliance reviews.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Aided in the development of the user interface using Vue and Vuetify.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Investigated and implemented tools to improve the deployment of infrastructure in development and production environments. This included using tools such as Apex and Terraform to deploy Lambda, SQS, DynamoDB, Kinesis, and S3 resources.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Created integration and unit tests using JUnit, MockK, Cypress, and PyTest.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Developed back-end services using Java and Kotlin with Eclipse Vert.X\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2016 - 2017\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Software Developer}, Fiddlehead Technology\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Worked as a Software Developer at Fiddlehead Technology aiding in the development and support of Forecast Guardian, a tool designed to help with forecasting and demand planning for food and beverage manufacturers. Using statistical analysis Forecast Guardian would provide insight into demand trends and help identify issues and errors in the current forecasting methodologies.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Aided in the redesign of the company\u8217's relational database and migration from MySQL to Postgres.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Designed tools for processing customer data, identifying anomalies, and inserting the cleansed data for analysis.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Designed a prototype web crawler to gather grocer flyer and sale information to help with producing more accurate forecasts.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Developed back-end services using Java, Dropwizard, and Hibernate.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Created unit tests using JUnit and Selenium.\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Skills\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Programming Languages}\line Java, Kotlin, Python, JavaScript, SQL (MySQL, PSQL), Bash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Web Technologies}\line Vue, Vuetify, REST, JSON, NodeJS, HTML, CSS, JQuery\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Developer Tools}\line GIT, Vim, IntelliJ, Eclipse, VSCode, GitHub, JIRA, Bitbucket, VirtualBox\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Build Tools}\line Gradle, Maven, Jenkins\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Cloud Platforms and Technologies}\line AWS, Docker, Terraform\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Operating Systems:}\line Linux, MacOS, Windows\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Interests\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Computer Hardware}\line Over the years I have developed a keen interest in computer hardware and building computers. Currently I have built two gaming computers and a home server for myself as well as putting together parts list for several friends and relatives. I enjoy keeping up with the latest developments in computer hardware and gaming technologies.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Software and Programming}\line In my spare time I manage a personal server for myself as well as my close friends and family. This server is currently hosting an application called NextCloud which acts as an alternative to Google Drive which I use to store all of my files and photos.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Exercise and Sports}\line I am an avid athlete having played several sports including Basketball, Rugby, and Soccer. In my spare time I enjoy jogging, lifting weights, cycling, and downhill skiing.\par}
}
